it is wednesday 6th 2015
Hello and welcome to one
new edition of engelsburg news this
Show is a sun special because it
occurred since yesterday noon one
series of strong solar flares after one
series m flair from the active regions
23 35 and 23 39 sent and 23 39 a
Nothing 2.7 flair was already a house number
is in the ranking of the twenty-fourth
Sonnenzyklus is this flair in a row
8 and showed us quite spectacular
here the recordings of the sd so the solar
dynamics observatory
also on the magnet program showed
significant changes for now
there are 2 beta gamma regions of those
us a directly facing the new one
region 23 39 is still on the western side
sunburn and her coronary
Mass ejection runs on the top left to us
over and will be very likely
do not even strip here on the
engine simulation of nasa can do that
very special recognize such a special
Of course, option also has an influence
the space weather and the solar wind
shortly after the flair showed up in the
pacific a r3 radio blackout so one
disturbance in the high frequency of
Communication on the sun
facing the earth for one to
two hours with contact loss as well
an equally long disturbance in the
low frequency navigation blackout
area was the pacific ocean with
north and central america and siberia
There were also some in the southwestern Pacific
islands but there should be less
give problems
the kp index also sprang up in the usa
unstable 4
in Germany, according to gfz potsdam
Staying at 3 sends but already
to sink
these values ​​still have little influence
on the human psyche
so much for today and the news special
Tomorrow I will be back to normal
verbosity for you so hold
the eyes open and the head high because only
so you can be goal firmly in view
to keep